Docs(plugin) : Add NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin (#3691)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin.md

---
title: NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin
contributors:
  - jeffin
---

> The `NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin` allows you to avoid emiting when there are any errors. Enabled by deafult, you can disable using `optimization.noEmitOnErrors`(/configuration/optimization/#optimizationnoemitonerrors)

Reviewer: There's a typo, `deafult`.

> The `NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin` allows you to avoid emiting when there are any errors. Enabled by deafult, you can disable using `optimization.noEmitOnErrors`(/configuration/optimization/#optimizationnoemitonerrors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin` allows you to avoid emitting when there are any errors. Enabled by default, you can disable using `optimization.noEmitOnErrors`(/configuration/optimization/#optimizationnoemitonerrors)
```

> The `NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin` allows you to avoid emiting when there are any errors. Enabled by deafult, you can disable using `optimization.noEmitOnErrors`(/configuration/optimization/#optimizationnoemitonerrors)

Reviewer 2: Please specify what won't be emitted.

__webpack.config.js__

``` javascript
module.exports = {

> 	plugins: [
>         new webpack.NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin()
>     ]
> };

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  plugins: [
    new webpack.NoEmitOnErrorsPlugin()
  ]
};
```
